[All Hosts] (manifest) another update of unified manifest support (#5755)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/concepts/duplicate-legacy-metaos-add-ins.md

1. If the existing add-in is marketed through Microsoft Marketplace, give the `"hide"` object a [`"storeOfficeAddin"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/extension-alternate-versions-array-hide#storeofficeaddin) property. Otherwise, skip to step 6.
1. Give the `"storeOfficeAddin"` object two properties:

   - An `"officeAddinId"` with the GUID of the old add-in as its value.
   - An `"assetId"` with the Microsoft Marketplace asset ID as its value.

   The following is an example:

   ```json
   "extensions": [
       ...
       {
           ...
           "alternates": [
               ...
               {
                   ...
                   "hide": {
                       "storeOfficeAddin": {
                           "officeAddinId": "b5a2794d-4aa5-4023-a84b-c60a3cbd33d4",
                           "assetId": "WA999999999"
                       }
                   }
               }
           ]
       }
   ]
   ```

   > [!NOTE]
   > 

>    > - If the asset ID of the add-in that you have linked in your unified manifest doesn't match an existing offer published by your seller account, the unified manifest submission will fail. You'll need to update the manifest to use the correct add-in asset ID and re-submit the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > - If the asset ID of the add-in that you have linked in your unified manifest doesn't match an existing offer published by your seller account, the unified manifest submission will fail. You'll need to update the manifest to use the correct add-in asset ID and resubmit the unified manifest.
```

>    > - An existing add-in can only be hidden by a single unified manifest. At this time, you may not use multiple unified manifests to hide the same add-in. If you try to hide an already linked add-in using a different unified manifest, the submission will fail. You'll need to remove the linking and re-submit the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > - An existing add-in can only be hidden by a single unified manifest. At this time, you may not use multiple unified manifests to hide the same add-in. If you try to hide an already linked add-in using a different unified manifest, the submission will fail. You'll need to remove the linking and resubmit the unified manifest.
```

There are also some scenarios where you might want to maintain both both versions of the add-in for an extended period. For example, there are two features of add-ins that aren't supported with the unified manifest because they're little used or deprecated. You may choose to maintain a version of your add-in that uses these features. The following are the features that aren't supported in the unified manifest.

- [Outlook modules](../outlook/extension-module-outlook-add-ins.md) aren't supported. But you can provide a nearly identical experience using the unified manifest by [including a Teams Tab with your add-in in a single app](/microsoftteams/platform/m365-apps/combine-office-add-in-and-teams-app).
- [Outlook contextual add-ins](../outlook/contextual-outlook-add-ins.md) (also known as "activation rules") aren't supported. But you can provide similar experiences using the unified manifest and [Event-based activation](../develop/event-based-activation.md).

> The critical requirement for making two versions available is to be sure that the two of them appear distinct in the Office UI, the [Integrated apps portal](../publish/publish.md), and where applicable, the UI of [Microsoft Marketplace](https://marketplace.microsoft.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The critical requirement for making two versions available is to be sure that the two of them appear distinct in the Office UI; the [Integrated apps portal](../publish/publish.md), and where applicable, the UI of [Microsoft Marketplace](https://marketplace.microsoft.com).
```
